---
layout: post
title: WORK NOTE
---

**Source code management**  

* We work on our own repo. PR from our repo to si.
* git fetch si
* git rebase si/master (update current working branch to si repo master branch)
* git merge si/master (update also the working master branch, merge your with theirs)
* git merge si/dev-160 (if you also want that branch in sync with local)
* git push ming master (make my own repo in sync)
* git push ming dev-160 (make my wn branch in sync)
*  ===== do my development work =========
* git push ming dev-160 (to upload my project change to my repo)
* from myrepo, do a PR for someone to review my code and pull my change form my repo to si repo dev-160 branch for example and I am done
* git push si msung (update my branch on si repo directly, sometimes nedd a -f switch) 
* git reset --hard si/<branch-name> (to reset/depose your local to match si remote branch) 

**Commit management**  

* git commit —amend (commit work reusing previous commit, so only one commit shows up)  
* git add -u (add all modified file not the untracked files)
* git checkout -- .  (remove all unstaged changes)
* git checkout path/to/the/target/file/to/revert (overwrite modified file from source control)
* git reset /sf2/foo.txt (remove already added the file) 
* git revert --no-commit <commit hash> (revert a commit with no automatic re-commit)

**Stash management**

* git stash
* git stash pop
* git stash drop
* git stash list  

**Branch management**  

* git checkout -b <new-branch-name>  
* git checkout -b <local-branch-name> si/<remote-branch-name>
* git push si <new-brnach-name> 
* git branch -d <the-local-branch> (remove this local branch)
* git push si :<the-remove-branch> (remove this remote branch)
* git fetch -p si (after fetch, remove local branch no longer exist on remote) 

**Others**  

* git push -f ming msung (push work to ming repo, msung branch)
* git push -f si msung (force push work to si repo msung branch)
* git log
* git rebase -i HEAD~3 (interactive mode rebase to 3 revisions before)
* git rebase —abort
* git rebase -i msung


**Process to build DB change script**  

* php sf2/app/console doctrine:migrations:status
* php sf2/app/console doctrine:migrations:diff (to create a doctrine file)
* php sf2/app/console doctrine:migrations:execute —up 20140513142030
* php sf2/app/console doctrine:migrations:execute —down 20140513142030
  
  
---
**installation note**  

* Install PHP mongo driver manually if you do not want the latest version using Macport.  http://www.w3resource.com/mongodb/install-php-driver.php
* Use port 23 for access s44-buildbox-1 to download SQL backup file.  If not specify port, the connection will go t port 70 or 22 and time out. :/srv/s44/backups/mysql/
* alias s44_latest_mysql_eden='scp msung@s44-buildbox-1:/srv/s44/backups/mysql/latest/s44_prod_eden.sql.gz .'
* After install less, need to configure the node_module location path in the parameter yml file.  Mine is Node_paths: [/opt/local/lib/node_modules]
* If ‘sudo rabbitmq-plugins enable rabbitmq_management’ fails complaining about enlarge.cookie file access, do ‘chmod 600 .erlang.cookie’ should resolve it.
* Rabbitmq needs an earlier erlang install since it does not recognize erlang v17.  So ‘sudo port uninstall erlang’ first, then go to https://www.erlang-solutions.com/downloads/download-erlang-otp and pick maybe R16B03, download the dmg installation package and install it.
* Download from http://www.rabbitmq.com/install-generic-unix.html and untar the file, move to /usr/local directory.
* Do a ‘sudo sbin/rabbitmq-server’ to start the server, then use your browser to go to http://localhost:15672/ then login using guest/guest to confirm your installation.
* User can install mongodb via homebrew
* install RockMongo - http://rockmongo.com/wiki/installation?lang=en_us
* for the php mongo extension issue I have.  I went to http://www.w3resource.com/mongodb/install-php-driver.php and download the v1.4.5 driver source.  Follow the manual installation process, compiled the source and installed it manually.  Then I can install vendors now. 
* run app/console cache:clear  

---
* the prod sql backup is at s44-buildbox-1:/srv/s44/backups/mysql/latest/s44_prod_eden.sql.gz 
* make sure use  id "msung", passed "Source$$" and target to s44-buildbox-1 which is 50.57.96.170 and **PORT** 22 for connection 
* I am using filezilla to download it. Too big for ssh cp operation to me  
* python -mjson.tool < flex-cm-dash.json > latestcmdata.json to make the json file readable.
* php sf2/app/console source44:gesiflags:create
* php sf2/app/console source44:gesi:risk:create
* php sf2/app/console source44:gesi:finalclassification:update  
* We have two branches that differ greatly in history, but we want to be able to turn the diffs into just 1 or maybe a few targeted commits that will be a fast-forward on master.  I think I have the answer...  Assume you have latest code fetched from SI, then the steps are:  $ git checkout -b <new-branch> SI/master $ git merge --no-commit --squash <feature-branch> 
<feature-branch> can be remote or local.  This leaves all the diffs between <feature-branch> and SI/master as staged, but uncommitted, changes in <new-branch>.  At that point, you could review/do one big commit/ restructure into multiple logical commits, etc. etc.