---
layout: post
title: WORK NOTE
---

**Source code management**  

* We work on our own repo. PR from our repo to si.
* git remote -v (list all avaiable remote repositories)
* git fetch si
* git rebase si/master (update current working branch to si repo master branch)
* git merge si/master (update also the working master branch, merge your with theirs)
* git merge si/dev-160 (if you also want that branch in sync with local)
* git push ming master (make my own repo in sync)
* git push ming dev-160 (make my wn branch in sync)
*  ===== do my development work =========
* git push ming dev-160 (to upload my project change to my repo)
* from myrepo, do a PR for someone to review my code and pull my change form my repo to si repo dev-160 branch for example and I am done
* git push si msung (update my branch on si repo directly, sometimes nedd a -f switch)  
* git reset --hard si/(branch-name) (to reset/depose your local to match si remote branch)  
**At time to PR, merge all commits into one big one**
* git checkout -b (new-branch) SI/master  
* git merge --no-commit --squash (feature-branch)
* (feature-branch) can be remote or local.   This leaves all the diffs between (feature-branch) and SI/master as staged, but uncommitted, changes in (new-branch).  At that point, you could review/do one big commit/ restructure into multiple logical commits, etc. etc.
* git push -f si qcv-b-local:qcv3  (push my local to a different remote branch)

**Commit management**  

* git commit —amend (commit work reusing previous commit, so only one commit shows up)  
* git add -u (add all modified file not the untracked files)
* git checkout -- .  (remove all unstaged changes)
* git checkout path/to/the/target/file/to/revert (overwrite modified file from source control)
* git reset /sf2/foo.txt (remove already added the file) 
* git revert --no-commit <commit hash> (revert a commit with no automatic re-commit)

**Stash management**

* git stash
* git stash pop
* git stash drop
* git stash list  

**Branch management**  

* git checkout -b <new-branch-name>  create a new local branch)
* git checkout -b <local-branch-name> si/<remote-branch-name>
* git push si <new-brnach-name> 
* git branch -D <the-local-branch> (delete this local branch)
* git push si :<the-remove-branch> (delete this remote branch)
* git fetch -p si (after fetch, remove local branch no longer exist on remote) 

**Others**  

* git push -f ming msung (push work to ming repo, msung branch)
* git push -f si msung (force push work to si repo msung branch)
* git log
* git rebase -i HEAD~3 (interactive mode rebase to 3 revisions before)
* git rebase —abort
* git rebase -i msung


**Process to build DB change script**  

* php sf2/app/console doctrine:migrations:status
* php sf2/app/console doctrine:migrations:diff (to create a doctrine file)
* php sf2/app/console doctrine:migrations:execute — - up 20140513142030
* php sf2/app/console doctrine:migrations:execute - - down 20140513142030
  
**quick simple toggle code**

```
        //Get json from github    
        $json = file_get_contents('https://gist.githubusercontent.com/mingyuansung/28f7bcda7f2e3bfe4618/raw');
        //get boolean feature toggle
        $isActive = false;
        $isLunch = false;
        $isDinner = false;
        $toggles = json_decode($json, true);
        if (json_last_error() === JSON_ERROR_NONE) {
            //do something with $json. It's ready to use
            $isActive = array_key_exists('active', $toggles) ? $toggles['active'] : false;
            $isLunch = array_key_exists('lunch', $toggles) ? $toggles['lunch'] : false;
            $isDinner = array_key_exists('dinner', $toggles) ? $toggles['dinner'] : false;
        }

```  

---
**installation note**  

* Install PHP mongo driver manually if you do not want the latest version using Macport.  http://www.w3resource.com/mongodb/install-php-driver.php
* Use port 23 for access s44-buildbox-1 to download SQL backup file.  If not specify port, the connection will go t port 70 or 22 and time out. :/srv/s44/backups/mysql/
* alias s44_latest_mysql_eden='scp msung@s44-buildbox-1:/srv/s44/backups/mysql/latest/s44_prod_eden.sql.gz .'
* After install less, need to configure the node_module location path in the parameter yml file.  Mine is Node_paths: [/opt/local/lib/node_modules]
* If ‘sudo rabbitmq-plugins enable rabbitmq_management’ fails complaining about enlarge.cookie file access, do ‘chmod 600 .erlang.cookie’ should resolve it.
* Rabbitmq needs an earlier erlang install since it does not recognize erlang v17.  So ‘sudo port uninstall erlang’ first, then go to https://www.erlang-solutions.com/downloads/download-erlang-otp and pick maybe R16B03, download the dmg installation package and install it.
* Download from http://www.rabbitmq.com/install-generic-unix.html and untar the file, move to /usr/local directory.
* Do a ‘sudo sbin/rabbitmq-server’ to start the server, then use your browser to go to http://localhost:15672/ then login using guest/guest to confirm your installation.
* User can install mongodb via homebrew
* install RockMongo - http://rockmongo.com/wiki/installation?lang=en_us 
* you can download the latest rock mongo package at https://github.com/iwind/rockmongo/releases then unzip to your //EDEN/sf2/web directory
* install mongo auostart pan from http://blog.mongodb.org/post/28925264384/macosx-preferences-pane-for-mongodb
* run php sf2/app/console cache:clear to clear the cache  
* Get //EDEN/MISC/intelliJ/source44_cs.xml style file and copy to  /Users/<yourusername>/Library/Preferences/IntelliJIdea13/codestyles/ directory. Update the PHP style under code style/php/Wrapping and Braces/ and check both 'Class field/constant groups/Align fields in columns' and 'Class field/constant groups/Align constants'.
* mongo dev is at https://rock-dev.sourceintelligence.net/index.php?action=login.index&host=0  and use s44admin and s44test

---
* the prod sql backup is at s44-buildbox-1:/srv/s44/backups/mysql/latest/s44_prod_eden.sql.gz 
* make sure use  id "msung", passed "Source$$" and target to s44-buildbox-1 which is 50.57.96.170 and **PORT** 22 for connection  
* python -mjson.tool < flex-cm-dash.json > latestcmdata.json to make the json file readable.
* php sf2/app/console source44:gesiflags:create
* php sf2/app/console source44:gesi:risk:create
* php sf2/app/console source44:gesi:finalclassification:update  

---
* composer selfupdate   (to update composer)
* composer self-update --rollback   (to roll back update)

---
**mongo note** 

* Run this command to dump eden mongo collection to your local dump directory.  `docker run -it --rm -v $PWD/dump:/root/dump docker.sourceintelligence.net/mongo:2.6 mongodump --host dev-1.node.us-west-2.s44 --db docker_eden`   
* Then use `bsondump collection.bson > collection.json` to convert the bson fil eto json file and load it to your mongo db

---
**docker note** 

* `docker-compose exec bridgekeepr curl 'http://localhost:8080/oauth/token' -i -u 'auth.service:serviceaccountclientsecret' -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded;charset=UTF-8' -d 'grant_type=urn%3Aietf%3Aparams%3Aoauth%3Agrant-type%3As44-account&account_id=1'`
* switch into a docker image `docker exec -it dev1_echo_1 /bin/bash`
* 

